The Japanese accent is to always raise and lower your voice in various words.
In addition, there are different ways of raising and lowering your voice depending on the situation.
In the previous example, it is not always the same as the end, but it depends on the situation.
This is called a word-beginning.
For example, there is an interesting person in this box.
Please guess.
Please lend me that box.
It's light.
What color is this person wearing?
He is wearing a red kimono.
Is it a woman?
No.
In this way, various words are expressed in actual words.
There are two ways to make this word-beginning.
The first is to raise and lower the sharpness of the complaint.
For example, is it so?
It's a woman, isn't it?
The second is to change the level of the voice in accordance with the accent.
For example, is it so?
In any case, the accent is raised at the place of the other person, but it is raised terribly or slightly, so this will create a word-beginning.
In fact, when you raise your voice, you become stronger.
As in the case of yesterday, when you raise your voice, your tone will naturally increase.
This tone and desire will vary depending on the situation, so it is often the case that the person you are talking to has a good heart.
Therefore, the words such as 親親 change in various ways depending on the person's heart at that time.
However, the accent of this word is not decided.